Group Members: Dan Beachaine, Gavin Stankovsky, Jackie Sobolewski (Brekke)  
Meeting Date: 10/27/25  
Meeting Time: 7pm  
Members Present: Dan, Jackie in person. Gavin out sick :( reviewed and discussed async via Teams
Upcoming Deliverables Due: Architecture Design Due Oct 30
Next Meeting: 11/3  

### Standard Agenda
| Time | What | 
|---|---|
| 5 min | Quick Check Ins, Status Updates, Upcoming Deliverables |
| 5 min | Review Agenda Items and To Dos (from meeting minutes or Jira) |
| 5 min - ? | Issues discussion, make plan for resolving (add more time to meeting? schedule separate meeting?) |
| 5 min | Review takeaways, new action items, and decisions made from this meeting | 

### Meeting Agenda Items
| Topic | Who | Notes | 
|---|---|---|
| Jira Review | All |  Went through tickets in backlog, moved some to current sprint, some to finished | 
| Code Review | All | Code Review for Jackie's pull request, and merged changes | 
| Architecture Design | All | Reviewed ER diagram for upcoming submission |
