Group Members: Dan Beachaine, Gavin Stankovsky, Jackie Sobolewski  
Meeting Date:  9/29/2025  
Meeting Time:  7pm  
Members Present:  
Upcoming Deliverables Due: Demo Oct 9    
Next Meeting:  10/6/2025  

### Standard Agenda
| Time | What | 
|---|---|
| 5 min | Quick Check Ins, Status Updates, Upcoming Deliverables |
| 5 min | Review Agenda Items and To Dos (from meeting minutes or Jira) |
| 5 min - ? | Issues discussion, make plan for resolving (add more time to meeting? schedule separate meeting?) |
| 5 min | Review takeaways, new action items, and decisions made from this meeting | 

### Meeting Agenda Items
| Topic | Who | Notes | 
|---|---|---|
| Jira Review | All | Review the tickets Dan has created in Jira. What do we want to have accomplished for the first demo? Make sure all tickets are created (and assigned?) to accomplish that | 
| Help | Jackie | Jackie has a few questions about git, database/docker, project structure to make sure she is understanding what is going on! |
| Discuss DB Schema? | All | Images below |

### Possible DB models
<img src="https://github.com/beauchdj/Project/blob/f3b130fe5ad62616660276685b4e70a40361d089/MeetingMinutes/Images/Er-ptoject.drawio" alt="Dan's DB Model" width="400" height="600">
<img src="https://github.com/beauchdj/Project/blob/f3b130fe5ad62616660276685b4e70a40361d089/MeetingMinutes/Images/apptbookingdb.pdf" alt="Dan's DB Model" width="400" height="600">
