Group Members: Dan Beauchaine, Gavin Stankovsky, Jackie Sobolewski  
Meeting Date: 9/22/2025  
Meeting Time: 7pm  
Members Present: All  
Upcoming Deliverables: [User Stories](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15YNmKwkxfkvX6OTlKG83YQ5qtGbaL_ctJ_EB14hhv-4/edit?usp=sharing) Due Sept 25  
Next Meeting: 9/29/25 

### Standard Agenda
| Time | What | 
|---|---|
| 5 min | Quick Check Ins, Status Updates, Upcoming Deliverables |
| 15 min | Review Agenda Items and To Dos (from meeting minutes or Jira) |
| 5 min | Issues discussion, make plan for resolving (add more time to meeting? schedule separate meeting?) |
| 5 min | Review takeaways, new action items, and decisions made from this meeting | 

## Asynchronous Meeting over teams chat, short meeting on Monday 9/22

- Decided to move forward with user stories. (10 mins)
- Discussed several user stories and how to approach them in regards to site layout. (10 mins)
- ER diagram potential layout. Nothing solidified but ideas were thrown around. (5 mins)

### Meeting Agenda Items
| Topic | Who | Expected Time | Notes | 
|---|---|---|---|
| Jira Review | All | 5 min | |
| Review Gavin's Project Setup | All 5 min| |
| User Stories Dscussion | All | 5min | |
