Group Members: Dan Beachaine, Gavin Stankovsky, Jackie Sobolewski  
Meeting Date:  10/6/2025 
Meeting Time:  7pm  
Members Present:  All  
Upcoming Deliverables Due: Demo Oct 9    
Next Meeting:  10/13/2025  

### Standard Agenda
| Time | What | 
|---|---|
| 5 min | Quick Check Ins, Status Updates, Upcoming Deliverables |
| 5 min | Review Agenda Items and To Dos (from meeting minutes or Jira) |
| 5 min - ? | Issues discussion, make plan for resolving (add more time to meeting? schedule separate meeting?) |
| 5 min | Review takeaways, new action items, and decisions made from this meeting | 

### Meeting Agenda Items
| Topic | Who | Description | Notes from Meeting |
|---|---|---|---|
| Upcoming Demo | All | What is involved: Powerpoint, Code (Demo Data), Updated Assumptions/User Story | |
| Using AI for Dev | Jackie | Discuss: Should we be using? How should we use? | | 
| Code Review! | Dan | Conduct a code review for Dan's Pull Request | |

### Demo 1 Requiremets
* Question: Do we need this deployed somewhere or ok to demo on our personal computer??
      Regardless, we need to figure out deployment. Openstack? Have we decided this
      already and I just forgot??
  
* Powerpoint:
    * First slide: title of project and names
    * Second slide: important assumptions
    * Third slide; tech used
    * Fourth slide: divion of teamwork, verson control, collaborations

* Demo:
    * Service Provider Registration
    * Appointment Slot Creation
    * Customer Registration
    * Booking
